Dem - Triangle double contact (#1746)
lethe-cfd/lethe: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

### [Master] - 2025-11-22

### Fixed

> - MINOR Contacts between particles and solid surfaces had a problem when the contact was occurring with many triangles at the same time. Contacts we being duplicated even if the solid surface represent a single surface. In this PR, duplicated contacts are identified and removed following the logic described in https://doi.org/10.1002/nme.4487. [#1745](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/1745)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MINOR Contacts between particles and solid surfaces had a problem when the contact was occurring with more than one triangle from the same solid object at the same time. Contacts were duplicated even if the solid surface represent a single surface. This resulting in a particle contacting the same solid object twice, meaning that the particle would see a surface that has twice the stiffness at this location. In this PR, duplicated contacts are identified and removed following the logic described in https://doi.org/10.1002/nme.4487. This ensures that there is only one contact between the particle and a solid object and keeps the contact regular as a particle moves over a solid object. [#1745](https://github.com/chaos-polymtl/lethe/pull/1745)
```
